# AtliQ Grands Hospitality Power-BI Project 
## Project Introduction:

• AtliQ Grands, a prominent name in the hospitality industry, has been operating multiple five-star hotels across India for the past 20 years. Despite their 
  longstanding presence and reputation, AtliQ Grands has faced significant challenges recently, primarily due to strategic moves by competitors and ineffective 
  decision-making within the management. These issues have led to a noticeable decline in their market share and revenue in the luxury/business hotel sector.

• In response to these challenges, the managing director of AtliQ Grands has decided to implement "Business and Data Intelligence" to reclaim their market position 
  and revenue streams. As part of this strategic initiative, we have been tasked with leveraging data to drive actionable insights and support informed decision- 
  making.

• The objectives of this project are threefold:
  1. Utilizing the provided sample data and mock-up dashboard, create metrics as outlined in the metric list.
  2. Develop a comprehensive dashboard that aligns with the stakeholders' mock-up.
  3. Generate additional relevant insights that go beyond the given metric list and mock-up dashboard.

• This project aims to harness the power of data analytics to empower AtliQ Grands in their journey to regain their competitive edge in the hospitality industry.

## Insights Generated: 

• The total Revenue of AtliQ hotels is 1.69B, Occupancy is 57.79%, Average rating is 3.62 out of 5 and Cancelation % is 24.84 overall.
• Highest Revenue generating city is Mumbai with revenue of total 660 M. While Lowest revenue is generated by Delhi with INR 290 M.
• Luxury category hotels have generated 61.62% of total revenue compare to business category hotels which contribute only 38.38% in total revenue.
• Occupancy is Highest for Delhi hotels (60.44%), while Bangalore has lowest occupancy (55.68%).
• Month of May has roughly 30M more revenue as compare to June and July month.
• Maximum revenue is coming from the bookings through "Others" booking platform which is 40.87% (690M) and 19.96% (390M) revenue is coming from "make my trip"
  platform.
• While lowest revenue generating platform is "direct offline" with 85M, "direct online" generates 167M.
• As we can see in "Cancelation Report" we have plotted cancelation% with different entities. In all these charts we see that the variation of cancelation% is 
  constant.
• Hence we can not identify the cancelation correlation with other metrics. To identify potential reasons for cancelation we have look at the reviews of customers on 
  different channels. We need to do property specific analysis/inquiry to know the reason for cancelation.
